---
layout: post
title: "Things That Worry Me the Most"
date: 2021-07-07
categories: 笔记
---


I find having conversation with myself is quite helpful in that regard. 
Anxiety and panic are norm and should be considered. 
It is detrimental to me to brush it off as irrelevant or “signs of weakness”
Try to make it so to be a helpful thing rather than a negative trait that should be avoided.

## 1. Career choice

Let’s start the first thing that presumably the most important, most worrisome, and scariest: Career.
I always find it scary to think about it.
Deeply inside my heart I want to do something different because life is too short. 
I mean life is short with a sincere realization, rather than a corny cliché. 
We only get to live once, might as well do it in a way for maximizing the happiness and minimizing regret. 
That’s why I have been doing things that I don’t assume the best payout, but rather the most engaging for me. 
It does seem silly from others, and doesn’t seem like a good choice.

### 1.1. What I like the most

I feel like the best thing for me to do are the one that I look forward to doing them every day. It sounds wishful thinking for those who actively hate their job. From the perspective of theirs: “Jobs are supposed to be annoying. Even if you do the job that is supposedly your dream, you will gradually hate it since it become your job.”  <sup>[1]</sup>

But let’s take a step back and ask myself, what I’m really looking forward to. The things I love are the one that can help push the development of humanity forward. That’s why the following category are interesting topic for me:

* Space travel that liberate human from the planet Earth, which has limited resources
* Biotechnology that focusses on longevity, saving life, and curing diseases
* Education that help us to performance our work and job faster and easier, leaving us more time to do things that is more interesting.
* Mental happiness, such as entertainment and human psychology (my particular interest is relationship science, the science of romantic love <sup>[2]</sup> ), or help us become happy or alleviate the pain

## 2. Romantic relationship / Intimate relationship

It used to be a particular concerning thing for me. Intuitively, I curve romantic relationship with deep connection. Such a strong wanting also correlate a fear for losing. That’s why it is a pain with twice the intensity: the pain of not having and the pain of fear of losing if I have one. 

That’s why I find relationship science enormously helpful and interesting. It is a gateway to help me

## Notes

1. The claim seems valid at first, but it has two things that people generally ignore: 1) we rarely find the work we truly love with the first a few attempt, and those who claim have given up the search before trying multiple times; 2) our passion changes overtime, it is never a once stop solution but a lifetime journey.
2. I can’t believe that relationship science, particularly the study of why and how couples love, is actually a very new subject. 
